This is gonna be my equivalent to scrum project dailies. Projects should be discussed and analysed for better
  specifications all the time, but I don't have anyone here with me, so this should do it.

25/10/2023
Day one of this whole ordeal. Just received the assignment from HR to complete this due the 9th.
I already made the project in my github, but I'm gonna have to study some stuff, like NestJS, how to integrate Postgres
  to it, and how to do authentication checks in REST.

27/10/2023
I have studied what I needed to (even completed a side project doing so) and now I'm ready to start.
I'm gonna use Postgres in Docker, gonna use Prisma to get access to the db, JWT Guards with Passport Strategies to
  manage access, and argon to hash stuff up.
Today I made a first relational db schema diagram, which is gonna be here in /docs/bd-diagram.png.

28/10/2023
I woke up thinking of a problem in the db: if the tag has a color, so a card can only have one tag, so it's not a many
  to many relation. I just updated the db to match this. I'm tackling the authentication of the user first, and that's
  what I could commit for today (tomorrow because I'm off to see momma).

29/10/2023
I finished the auth part for the user, which means I can now start messing with the bulk of the code! But I'm gonna lay
  off it for a good part of the week to make some progress in my graduation project.
The .env file with all the sensitive information that i should keep "secreter" is commited to the git. I know how bad it
  is and how there should e a different treatment were this a real sellable project, but since this is a localhost
  challenge project, I'll just leave it there.

02/11/2023
Started strong by noticing the db I made was wrong s2 I didn't put board and comment owners, so I had to fix that first.
I've almost finished the board by the end of the day, just needing to add one last feature. Here's to hoping the board
  is the most complicated logic in the project...

03/11/2023
I focused on all of the functionalities besides the card, because it seems like the bigger one, and I wanted to finish
  the smaller ones first.

04/11/2023
I was thinking of how to solve the cascading deletes that would happen if I deleted, say, a board, and I found the
  cascade prisma property! This is gonna make my job much more robust and easier!
I also made the tag fk in card be optional, so a card should be able to not have a tag.

05/11/2023
I don't think I'll have time to complete all e2e tests I wanted to complete, so I'll focus on the good path to at least
  test the application. I found out and corrected some errors, like the one where I underestimated my use of asyncs and
  awaits, but that was the whole point, and the project is now tested for each of its prioritized features. I know of
  two bugs, where different status lists can have the same position in a card, and where users aren't erased from the
  user list in cards when they leave the card, but I instead focused on completing the main e2e tests and creating
  javadoc comments for the dto's and services.
